This is max. He ds 17 years ol 4. Me goes to school and has m any friends. one day, on his b inthaay, he ate a big birthday ake. 
Increasingly dangerous threat. 
Me vas executed by the king. 
overall, it vas an excellent & xperience and 1 would love to 90 again 
The Japanese yen for comerce is still well-known. 
Me put heat on the vound to se fe what would grow. 
The blinking Lights of the ant enna tower came into focus jus tas 1 heard a loud snap. 
Each person vho knows you has. a different perception of vho you are. 
The wooden spoon coulén’t cut but left enotional soars, 
David subseribes to the "stuff your tent inte the bag" strat egy over nicely folding it. 
‘even had her best sleep ever 0 her new bed of nails. 
TE you really strain your ears 1 You can just about hear the Sound of no one giving a damn 
he efficiency with vhich he p aived the socks in the draver was quite adnivable 
He dreaned of leaving his law firm to open a portable doy va 2. 
jaye bring einen hms on z on expedition. deep-sea diving om 
Nobody questions who built the Pyramids in Nexice 
he toy brought back fond meno ries of being lost in the rain forest. 
1 can’t believe this is the ei hth tine 1/m smashing open my iggy bank on the sane day! 
1'm confused: vhen people ask ne vhat’s up, and I point, the ¥ groan. 
The door swmg open to reveal. pink giraffes and ved elephant 
Please put on these earmuffs b ecause T can’t you hear. 
Please wait outside of the hou 
She Lived on Monkey sumgle Roa 4 and that seened to explain a 11 of her strangeness. 
reuth dn advertising and dines urs with skateboards have mc ban common. 
She Jearwed that vater bottles  are no longer just to held 14 quid, but they’re also status symbols. 
Nappiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding. 
You'll see the rainbow bridge agter it rains oats and dogs. 
They did nothing as the raccoo attacked the Iady’s bay of £ 00. 
Douglas figured the best way t © succeed vas to do the opposi te of what he'd heen doing all his Life. 
After fighting off the alligat or, Brim still had to face th anaconda, 
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thin 9 to ao. 
he bind had a belief that it vas really a groundhoy. 
Giving directions that the nou ntains ave to the west only vo ks when you can see then. 
he wake behind the boat told of the past vhile the open sea for told Life in the unknown future. 
She 4id a happy dance because all of the socks fron the dxye x natched. 
You've been eyeing me all day and waiting for your nove Like a Lion stalking a gazelle in  a savannah, 
Eating egys on Thursday for ch oir practice was recomended. 
Thigh-high im the water, the £ ishernan’s hope for dimer 500 vy tumed to despair. 
The white vater rafting trip w as suddenly halted by the mex pected brick wall. 
She had a habit of taking show ers in lenonade 
ALL they could see vas the blu @ vater surrounding their sail boat. 
There’s a growing trend snong teenagers of using frishees as go-cart wheels. 
Today is the day 1/11 fimally know vhat brick tastes Like 
It’s difeioult te mderstand t he lengths he’d go to renain s hort. 
Despite multiple complications ‘and her near-death experience 
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars. 
He found the end of the rainbo W and vas surprised at vhat he fod there. 
TE you really strain your ears 1 You can just about hear the Sound of no one giving a damn 
he tvo walked dom the slot © anyon oblivious to the somd 0 £ thmder in the distance. 
Me stepped gingerly onto the b ridge Imoving that enchantment avaited on the other side. 
Me colored deep space a soft y elev. 
he old apple revels im its au thority. 
Pair your designer cowboy hat With souba gear for a nenorsbl 
Today arrived with a crash of ny car through the garage door 
he stench fron the feedlot pe ameated the car despite having the aix conditioning on recye ded air. 
He fmbled in the darkness 100 king for the Light switch, but ‘when he finally fond it ther fe was someone already there. 
Ton got a snall piece of pie. 
Art doem’t have to be iutenti onal. 
She wanted to be resoued, but only i€ it was Tuesday and vai ing. 
She couldn’t mderstand why no body else could see that the s ky is full of cotton candy. 
His mind was blow that there was nothing in space except sp ace itself 
The Light that bums twice as bright bums half as long. 
Pat ordered a ghost pepper pie 
Tomatoes make great weapons vh en vater balloons aren’t avail able. 
Now 1 need to ponder ny existe nce and ask myself if 1’m trul y real, 
he waitress was wot amused vh fen he ordered green egys and h 
He had decided to accept his £ ate of accepting his fate. 
He dreaned of leaving his law firm to open a portable doy va 2. 
Writing a List of rmdon sente noes is harder than 1 initial y thought it would be. 
The changing of dom conforter 5 to cotton bedspreads alvays neant the squixvels had retum ea. 
The sm had set and so had his aveans. 
Jason didn’t understand vhy Bi 5s parents voulén’t Jet hin sel A his Little sister at the gar aye sale 
Me vas surprised that his ine nse laziness was inspirational to others. 
She tilted her head back and 1 et vhip cream stream into her noth while taking a bath. 
he book is in front of the ta bie 
As the years pass by, ve all k now owers Jook ore and nove ike thei dogs. 
1 covered ny friend in baby of 1 
Hit me with your pet shark! 
Me put heat on the vound to se fe what would grow. 
even with the mow falling out side, she felt it appropriate to wear her bikini. 
he best key Line pie is still wp for debate 
After fighting off the alligat or, Brim still had to face th anaconda, 
She found it strange that peop Je use their cellphones to act ually talk to one mother. 
There’s probably enough glass im ny cupboard to build am und ersea aquarium. 
David proudly graduated fron h 4igh school top of his class at age 97. 
TE you really strain your ears 1 You can just about hear the Sound of no one giving a damn 
Last Friday 1 saw a spotted st wiped blue worn shake hands vi th a legless Lizard. 
1 ate a sock because people on ‘the Intemet told ne to. 
TE ny calculator had a history 3b would be more enbarrassin than ny browser history. 
Fluty pink unicorns are a pop ular status symbol anong macho 
Karen believed all traffic Lav 5 should be obeyed by all exce pt herselt 
To the surprise of everyone, t he napture happened yesterday but it didnt quite go as expe ted. 
As time wore on, simple dog co rmands tuned inte full parage aphs explaining why the doy co ulan’t do something. 
You can’t compare apples and o ranges, but vhat about bananas and plantains? 
Italy 4s ny favorite country; in fact, 1 plan to spend two v ecks there next year. 
1 trust everything that’s writ ‘ten in purple ink. 
The truth is that you pay for your Lifestyle in hours. 
My wele’s favorite pastine va 5 building cars out of noodles 
This book is sure to Liquety y our brain. 
They finished building the vox 4 they Imew no one vould ever 
Me Loved eating his bananas in hot dog buns. 
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars. 
Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet fron the beach since ‘that’s vhere the people are. 
The fumace repsirnan indicate 4 the heating system vas actin 9 as a sir conditioner. 
we. Montoya Inows the way to t he bakery even though he’s nev ex been there. 
standing on one’s head at job interviews forns a lasting inp 
Jemmy nade the smouncenent. th at her baby vas an alien 
T made myself a peanut butter sandvioh as 1 didn’t want to = ubsist on veguie crackers. 
He vasn’t bitter that she had oved on but from the radish. 
Despite multiple complications ‘and her near-death experience 
1/n a great listener, really g ood with enpathy vs sympathy a nd ali that, but 1 hate people 
Tuesdays are free if you bring 2 gnone costune 
The fish Listened intently to what the frogs had to say. 
There are over 500 starfish in ‘the bathroom draver. 
Me stepped gingerly onto the b ridge Imoving that enchantment avaited on the other side. 
Me played the yane as if his 1 4ife depended on it and the tru ‘th vas that it aid. 
As you consider all the possib Je vays to improve yourself an 4 the world, you notice soln 7 ravolta seens fairly whappy. 
She insisted that cleaning out your closet was the key to yo od driving. 
Me vent on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days. 
Mom didn’t mderstand why no 0 ne else wanted a hot tub full of jello. 
Normal activities took extraor inary amounts of concentratio nv at the high altitude 
Me uses onomatopoeia as a veap on of mental. destruction 
The opportunity of a Lifetine passed before hin as he tried te decide between a cone or a ow. 
Reres of alnond trees Lined th ¢ interstate highvay vhich com plinented the crazy driving mu ts. 
various sea birds are elegant, Dut nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican 
Flash photography is best used in £1 slight. 
jaye bring einen hms on z on expedition. deep-sea diving om 
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars. 
His confidence would have bee adnivable if it wam’t for his stupidity. 
When he asked her favorite mm ber, she ansvered without hesi tation that it was diamonds, 
he bug was having an exceLlen day until he hit the windshi ela, 
Maving no haix nade hin look & ven hadrier. 
My wele’s favorite pastine va 5 building cars out of noodles 
This is the last random senten ce 1 vill be writing and 1 am going to stop nid-sent 
Behind the window was a vefleo ‘tion that only instilled fear. 
As the asteroid hurtled tovard  earth, Becky was upset her de ntist appointment had been oan celed. 
Tt isw’t true that ny mattress is made of cotton candy. 
Joe made the susar cookies; su san decorated then. 
wartha cane to the conclusion that shake weights are a great Gift for any occasion. 
Despite what your teacher may have told you, there is a vron 9 way to wield a lasso 
Me poured rocks im the dimgeon of his mind. 
You have no right to eal your self creative until you look a ta trowel and think that it w ould make a great Iockpick. 
For oil spots on the floor, no ‘thing beats parking a notoxbik dm the Jomge 
The manager of the fruit stand always sat and only sold vege tables, 
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gent enan’s back. 
he seoret code they crested m ade no sense, even to then. 
1 want to buy a onesie know it won't suit me.  but 
100 years old is such a young age if you happen to be a bris ‘tlecone pine. 
Her sevean silenced the rowdy teenagers. 
1 received a heavy fine but it failed to crush my spirit. 
he beauty of the smset vas 0 bscured by the industrial orm 
Harrold felt confident that no body would ever suspect his =p ¥ Pigeon 
1'm confused: vhen people ask ne vhat’s up, and I point, the ¥ groan. 
ker Life in the confines of th @ house became her new normal. 
He drank Life before spitting it out, 
The Hana couldn't resist try rng the lenonade 
Your girlfriend bought your fa vorite cookie crisp cereal but Forgot to get milk. 
X never Inew what haniship 100 ked Like witil it started rain ing boing balls. 
TE you really strain your ears 1 You can just about hear the Sound of no one giving a damn 
That must be the tenth tine 1/ ve been arrested for selling a eep-fried cigars. 
He vas an introvert that extro verts seened to love. 
She wanted to be resoued, but only i€ it was Tuesday and vai ing. 
Me vas willing to find the dep ths of the rabbit hole in ode x to be with her. 
he sight of his goatee nade m fe want to rm and hide mder » y sisterim-lav’s bed. 
Me played the yane as if his 1 4ife depended on it and the tru ‘th vas that it aid. 
Shingle color vas not somethin the couple had ever talked a bout. 
1 purchased a baby clown fron ‘the mussian terrorist black ma ket. 
she was the type of girl who w anted to Live in a pink house 
Shakespeare vas a famous 17th- century diesel nechanic 
He ended up burning his finger ‘5 poking soneone else’s fire 
Andy loved to sleep on a bed o £ nails. 
The tortoise jumped into the 1 ake with dreans of becoming a sea turtle 
he waitress was wot amused vh fen he ordered green egys and h 
The strmger officiates the ne al. 
When money was tight, he’d get is Ich money fron the loca 1 wishing well. 
Kevin enbraced his ability to be at the wrong place at the w rong tine. 
Weather is not trivial - it’s especially important vhen you’ re standing in it, 
carol drank the blood as if sh fe were a vanpire. 
Me created a pig burger out of beef. 
1 wnt a giraffe, but 1’m a tu tle eating vatfles. 
nto matter how Beautiful the su set, it saddened her knowing ‘she was one day older. 
Tt vas the scarcity that fuele 4 his oreativity. 
Poison ivy grew through the fe noe they said vas inpenetrable 
A song oan nake or ruin a pers on’s day if they let it get to ‘then. 
The lake is a long vay from he 
Her sevean silenced the rowdy teenagers. 
We need te rent a room for our party. 
The random sentence generator generated a radon sentence ab out a xmdon sentence. 
Nancy thought the best way to create a velconing hone was to ‘Line it with barbed wave 
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars. 
At that moment he wam’t Liste ring to music, he was Living experience 
Charles ate the french fries k nowing they vould be his last neal. 
he fifty mameguin heads flos ‘ting in the pool Kind of freak ed then out. 
You realize you're not alone a 'S you sit in your bedroom nass aging your calves after a long day of playing tuy-of-var wit hh Grandpa Joe in the hospital. 
Boulders Lined the side of the oad foretelling vhat could © ome next. 
Now 1 need to ponder ny existe nce and ask myself if 1’m trul y real, 
He vas sure the Devil created red sparkly glitter. 
he father handed each child a  roadnap at the beginning of t he 2-day road trip and explain ed it was so they could find t heir way hone. 
When he had to picnic on the b each, he purposely put sand in other people’s food. 
It's not possible to convince a monkey to give you a banana, by promising it infinite banan fas vhen they die. 
The fish Listened intently to what the frogs had to say. 
Joe made the susar cookies; su san decorated then. 
When motorists sped in and out  of traffic, all she could thi. nk of was those in need of a t ransplant. 
She 4s never happy wntil she £ nds something to be whappy a bout; then, she is overjoyed. 
