This is max. He is 17 years old. He goes to school and has many friends. One day, on his birthday, he ate a big birthday cake.
Increasingly dangerous threat.
He was executed by the king.
Overall, it was an excellent experience and I would love to go again.
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.
He put heat on the wound to see what would grow.
The blinking lights of the antenna tower came into focus just as I heard a loud snap.
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.
The wooden spoon couldn't cut but left emotional scars.
David subscribes to the "stuff your tent into the bag" strategy over nicely folding it.
Gwen had her best sleep ever on her new bed of nails.
If you really strain your ears, you can just about hear the sound of no one giving a damn.
The efficiency with which he paired the socks in the drawer was quite admirable.
He dreamed of leaving his law firm to open a portable dog wash.
Always bring cinnamon buns on a deep-sea diving expedition.
Nobody questions who built the pyramids in Mexico.
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.
I can't believe this is the eighth time I'm smashing open my piggy bank on the same day!
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.
The door swung open to reveal pink giraffes and red elephants.
Please put on these earmuffs because I can't you hear.
Please wait outside of the house.
She lived on Monkey Jungle Road and that seemed to explain all of her strangeness.
Truth in advertising and dinosaurs with skateboards have much in common.
She learned that water bottles are no longer just to hold liquid, but they're also status symbols.
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.
You'll see the rainbow bridge after it rains cats and dogs.
They did nothing as the raccoon attacked the lady's bag of food.
Douglas figured the best way to succeed was to do the opposite of what he'd been doing all his life.
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
The bird had a belief that it was really a groundhog.
Giving directions that the mountains are to the west only works when you can see them.
The wake behind the boat told of the past while the open sea for told life in the unknown future.
She did a happy dance because all of the socks from the dryer matched.
You've been eyeing me all day and waiting for your move like a lion stalking a gazelle in a savannah.
Eating eggs on Thursday for choir practice was recommended.
Thigh-high in the water, the fisherman's hope for dinner soon turned to despair.
The white water rafting trip was suddenly halted by the unexpected brick wall.
She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.
All they could see was the blue water surrounding their sailboat.
There's a growing trend among teenagers of using frisbees as go-cart wheels.
Today is the day I'll finally know what brick tastes like.
It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.
Despite multiple complications and her near-death experience
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.
If you really strain your ears, you can just about hear the sound of no one giving a damn.
The two walked down the slot canyon oblivious to the sound of thunder in the distance.
He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.
He colored deep space a soft yellow.
The old apple revels in its authority.
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.
Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door.
The stench from the feedlot permeated the car despite having the air conditioning on recycled air.
He fumbled in the darkness looking for the light switch, but when he finally found it there was someone already there.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
Art doesn't have to be intentional.
She wanted to be rescued, but only if it was Tuesday and raining.
She couldn't understand why nobody else could see that the sky is full of cotton candy.
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.
The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long.
Pat ordered a ghost pepper pie.
Tomatoes make great weapons when water balloons aren't available.
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real
The waitress was not amused when he ordered green eggs and ham.
He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.
He dreamed of leaving his law firm to open a portable dog wash.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
The changing of down comforters to cotton bedspreads always meant the squirrels had returned.
The sun had set and so had his dreams.
Jason didn't understand why his parents wouldn't let him sell his little sister at the garage sale.
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.
She tilted her head back and let whip cream stream into her mouth while taking a bath.
The book is in front of the table.
As the years pass by, we all know owners look more and more like their dogs.
I covered my friend in baby oil.
Hit me with your pet shark!
He put heat on the wound to see what would grow.
Even with the snow falling outside, she felt it appropriate to wear her bikini.
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.
She found it strange that people use their cellphones to actually talk to one another.
There's probably enough glass in my cupboard to build an undersea aquarium.
David proudly graduated from high school top of his class at age 97.
If you really strain your ears, you can just about hear the sound of no one giving a damn.
Last Friday I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
I ate a sock because people on the Internet told me to.
If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.
Fluffy pink unicorns are a popular status symbol among macho men.
Karen believed all traffic laws should be obeyed by all except herself.
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.
As time wore on, simple dog commands turned into full paragraphs explaining why the dog couldn't do something.
You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
I trust everything that's written in purple ink.
The truth is that you pay for your lifestyle in hours.
My uncle's favorite pastime was building cars out of noodles.
This book is sure to liquefy your brain.
They finished building the road they knew no one would ever use.
He loved eating his bananas in hot dog buns.
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.
Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.
The furnace repairman indicated the heating system was acting as an air conditioner.
Mr. Montoya knows the way to the bakery even though he's never been there.
Standing on one's head at job interviews forms a lasting impression.
Jenny made the announcement that her baby was an alien.
I made myself a peanut butter sandwich as I didn't want to subsist on veggie crackers.
He wasn't bitter that she had moved on but from the radish.
Despite multiple complications and her near-death experience
I'm a great listener, really good with empathy vs sympathy and all that, but I hate people.
Tuesdays are free if you bring a gnome costume.
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.
There are over 500 starfish in the bathroom drawer.
He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.
He played the game as if his life depended on it and the truth was that it did.
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.
She insisted that cleaning out your closet was the key to good driving.
He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.
Mom didn't understand why no one else wanted a hot tub full of jello.
Normal activities took extraordinary amounts of concentration at the high altitude.
He uses onomatopoeia as a weapon of mental destruction.
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.
Acres of almond trees lined the interstate highway which complimented the crazy driving nuts.
Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.
Flash photography is best used in full sunlight.
Always bring cinnamon buns on a deep-sea diving expedition.
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.
When he asked her favorite number, she answered without hesitation that it was diamonds.
The bug was having an excellent day until he hit the windshield.
Having no hair made him look even hairier.
My uncle's favorite pastime was building cars out of noodles.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
Behind the window was a reflection that only instilled fear.
As the asteroid hurtled toward earth, Becky was upset her dentist appointment had been canceled.
It isn't true that my mattress is made of cotton candy.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.
Despite what your teacher may have told you, there is a wrong way to wield a lasso.
He poured rocks in the dungeon of his mind.
You have no right to call yourself creative until you look at a trowel and think that it would make a great lockpick.
For oil spots on the floor, nothing beats parking a motorbike in the lounge.
The manager of the fruit stand always sat and only sold vegetables.
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman's back.
The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.
I want to buy a onesie... but know it won't suit me.
100 years old is such a young age if you happen to be a bristlecone pine.
Her scream silenced the rowdy teenagers.
I received a heavy fine but it failed to crush my spirit.
The beauty of the sunset was obscured by the industrial cranes.
Harrold felt confident that nobody would ever suspect his spy pigeon.
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.
Her life in the confines of the house became her new normal.
He drank life before spitting it out.
The llama couldn't resist trying the lemonade.
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.
I never knew what hardship looked like until it started raining bowling balls.
If you really strain your ears, you can just about hear the sound of no one giving a damn.
That must be the tenth time I've been arrested for selling deep-fried cigars.
He was an introvert that extroverts seemed to love.
She wanted to be rescued, but only if it was Tuesday and raining.
He was willing to find the depths of the rabbit hole in order to be with her.
The sight of his goatee made me want to run and hide under my sister-in-law's bed.
He played the game as if his life depended on it and the truth was that it did.
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.
She was the type of girl who wanted to live in a pink house.
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.
He ended up burning his fingers poking someone else's fire.
Andy loved to sleep on a bed of nails.
The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.
The waitress was not amused when he ordered green eggs and ham.
The stranger officiates the meal.
When money was tight, he'd get his lunch money from the local wishing well.
Kevin embraced his ability to be at the wrong place at the wrong time.
Weather is not trivial - it's especially important when you're standing in it.
Carol drank the blood as if she were a vampire.
He created a pig burger out of beef.
I want a giraffe, but I'm a turtle eating waffles.
No matter how beautiful the sunset, it saddened her knowing she was one day older.
It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.
A song can make or ruin a person's day if they let it get to them.
The lake is a long way from here.
Her scream silenced the rowdy teenagers.
We need to rent a room for our party.
The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.
Nancy thought the best way to create a welcoming home was to line it with barbed wire.
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.
At that moment he wasn't listening to music, he was living an experience.
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.
The fifty mannequin heads floating in the pool kind of freaked them out.
You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital.
Boulders lined the side of the road foretelling what could come next.
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real
He was sure the Devil created red sparkly glitter.
The father handed each child a roadmap at the beginning of the 2-day road trip and explained it was so they could find their way home.
When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people's food.
It's not possible to convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising it infinite bananas when they die.
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
When motorists sped in and out of traffic, all she could think of was those in need of a transplant.
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.